Update instructions for Prism Launcher 6.0 (#59)
Fabulously-Optimized/wiki: en-us/update-instructions.md

### Prism Launcher

> 1. Click `Edit` in the sidebar

Reviewer: Click the existing instance first?

> 1. Click `Edit` on your existing FO instance in the sidebar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select existing FO instance
2. Click `Edit` on the sidebar
```
That seems clearer

2. Select `Modrinth` on the tab list

> 3. Click `Update pack`

Reviewer: No need to select it?

Reviewer: I actually meant to ask whether it is necessary to select the latest version before clicking "update pack".
